c:\users\y.melnychenko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AeroRadio+\AeroRadio+\bin\Debug\AeroRadio+.exe.config
c:\users\y.melnychenko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AeroRadio+\AeroRadio+\bin\Debug\AeroRadio+.exe
c:\users\y.melnychenko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AeroRadio+\AeroRadio+\bin\Debug\AeroRadio+.pdb
c:\users\y.melnychenko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AeroRadio+\AeroRadio+\bin\Debug\MahApps.Metro.dll
c:\users\y.melnychenko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AeroRadio+\AeroRadio+\bin\Debug\System.Windows.Interactivity.dll
c:\users\y.melnychenko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AeroRadio+\AeroRadio+\bin\Debug\MahApps.Metro.pdb
c:\users\y.melnychenko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AeroRadio+\AeroRadio+\bin\Debug\MahApps.Metro.xml
c:\users\y.melnychenko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AeroRadio+\AeroRadio+\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\y.melnychenko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AeroRadio+\AeroRadio+\obj\Debug\Resources\Icons.baml
c:\users\y.melnychenko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AeroRadio+\AeroRadio+\obj\Debug\Resources\IconsNonShared.baml
c:\users\y.melnychenko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AeroRadio+\AeroRadio+\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\y.melnychenko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AeroRadio+\AeroRadio+\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\y.melnychenko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AeroRadio+\AeroRadio+\obj\Debug\AeroRadio+_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\y.melnychenko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AeroRadio+\AeroRadio+\obj\Debug\AeroRadio+_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\y.melnychenko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AeroRadio+\AeroRadio+\obj\Debug\App.baml
c:\users\y.melnychenko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AeroRadio+\AeroRadio+\obj\Debug\AeroRadio+.g.resources
c:\users\y.melnychenko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AeroRadio+\AeroRadio+\obj\Debug\AeroRadio_.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\y.melnychenko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AeroRadio+\AeroRadio+\obj\Debug\AeroRadio+.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\y.melnychenko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AeroRadio+\AeroRadio+\obj\Debug\AeroRadio+.exe
c:\users\y.melnychenko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AeroRadio+\AeroRadio+\obj\Debug\AeroRadio+.pdb
c:\users\y.melnychenko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AeroRadio+\AeroRadio+\obj\Debug\Resources\DictionaryStyle.baml
